Guide: macOS local admin account (#44158)
fleetdm/fleet: articles/setup-experience.md

> (SSO)](https://fleetdm.com/docs/deploy/single-sign-on-sso) in Fleet, you still want to create a
> new SAML app for end user authentication. This way, only Fleet users can log in to Fleet.

## Managed local account

Fleet can create a hidden admin account (`_fleetadmin`) with a unique password on each macOS host during Setup Assistant. IT admins can use this account as a break-glass login for troubleshooting.

> This feature is available for macOS hosts that automatically enroll via Apple Business Manager (ABM). Manually enrolled hosts are not supported.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This feature is available for macOS hosts that automatically enroll via Apple Business (AB). Manually enrolled hosts are not supported.
```
